what's the one question I wish I would have asked earlier and it's also
another question that I ask of a lot of seniors is how do you get
how do I get better two and becoming the person I and envision myself
being once our car so I think we all as human beings want to be the
best husband wife father mother on all cool friend commanding officer
master chief or whatever it may be you want to be the best that
you want to be good at it you want to be looked at as being a a a leader
in that field in terms of you know how people look up to you a
role model in that field so that's one question that out I wish I would
have asked myself early on even in childhood is how do I how do
I improve how do I get better what things do I need to do to become
a better person